# School_District_Analysis
    In this analysis we prepared  tandardized test data from a city school district in order to uncover performance trends and other patterns. The analysis began by droping any missing or duplicated values within the dataset. We then cleaned up some of the data, such as the grade variable by taking out the suffix "th" in order to change the data type into a integer. This allowed us to run different summary statistics by each grade. 
# Findings
    Within the analysis we were able to uncover the average math score of students which was 64.6 and the lowest reading score of 10.5. We then found out which student recieved the lowest reading score which was Matthew Thomas, 10th grader of Dixon High School. To delve deeper into the reading scores from Dixon High School, we sorted the data by grade 10, school name, and reading score to determine the range of scores that students recieved at that school. We additionally sorted the math scores of students by grade and by school type. The findings showed that charter schools had better math scores in grades 9-11, but 12th graders in public schools had better scores than 12th graders in charter schools. 
    Some of the final analysis we ran was to compare the school budget between charter and public schools. Which showed that public schools suprisingly had a larger budget then charter schools. We aslo sorted the student count by each school from most to least indicating Montgomery High School had the most with 2038, and Chang High School had the least with 171. 
